Hello guys in this video we will learn how to use a new library called a saying.
Before we dive in into pagination So the first thing you want to do is you want to go to your terminal
and you want to install a sink and start saying gosh dashi.
I want to go back to read mean.
Yes.
And we want to require that file or imported file seem to require the same.
So I'm going to write a test so we can be right or get
class
so soon.
Daut waterfall
So a C waterfall is pretty straight forward.
So technically why do we need to seeing waterfall is because we want to run multiple mongoose operations.
So in a waterfall we can do multiple functions but the waterfall is the second function depends on the
first function.
So this was Let us take a look at the real example.
So for example we have first function number one we give them one callback
function will have the first name equals to rush and then wanted to call back on passing now and then
the first variable and then we have a function and we going to give you the number to call back.
And then what we're going to do here we can do mean close to the
and in here we want to do is we want to do so long
and do some six.
So we want to at number one number two and we've got to do one thing at first.
So what happens is this function is depending on this function.
So number one function will run first and then all the callback.
So once it runs call back it will actually go to the second function and it will pass the value which
is the first name into the second function.
The second function can use the variable from the first function because we just passively here.
So once we do that then only we can do consider a long first name and last name so that we can use the
first function variable and as well as the last name variable from the number two function.
I know it's kind of confusing but this is just remember that function will never run a function one
never do callback ones function one do call back then only it will go to the next one.
Number one.
Number two something exactly like a waterfall.
So go ahead and test this right.
So it was good to postman was opened up.
You want to look close to the eye and there.
Yes.
And then when I do send loading loading.
But if you go to here and you can run this to
connect it.
Whoops.
All right.
So it was great and Saturday loading unloading those good here and it shows a Shanghai awesome.
So technically it would behave exactly like a waterfall like you know the first wave and then a second
wave and so on.
So in the next video we will fix our categories API to suit the need which is we're going to use a single
waterfall to make it more scalable.
I'll see you guys in the next.